Expanding storage documentation (#1228)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/src/blockchain-development/storage.md

Some basic use cases of storage include declaring an owner address for a contract and saving balances in a wallet.

## Manual Storage Management

Outside of the newer experimental `storage` syntax which is being stabalized, you can leverage FuelVM storage operations using the `store` and `get` methods provided in the standard library (`std`). Which currently works with primitive types.

With this approach you will have to manually assign the internal key used for storage.

An example is as follows:

> ```sway

Reviewer: Last thing is putting this in the `example/` directory as an example!

Author: @adlerjohn yep, that's last on my list, almost there.

Some basic use cases of storage include declaring an owner address for a contract and saving balances in a wallet.

> ## Storage By-Hand

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Manual Storage Management
```

> Outside of the newer experimental `storage` syntax which is being stabalized, you can leverage FuelVM storage operations using the `store` and `get` methods provided in the standard (`std`) library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outside of the newer experimental `storage` syntax which is being stabalized, you can leverage FuelVM storage operations using the `store` and `get` methods provided in the standard ibrary (`std`).
```

Author: @adlerjohn `library` spelled wrong here. Otherwise good.

Author: Resolving for now, will fix on my side.

> With this approach you will have to design the internal key and value design manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this approach you will have to manually assign the internal key used for storage.
```

An example is as follows:

```sway
contract;

use std::{
    storage::{get, store}
};

abi StorageExample {
    fn store_something(amount: u64);
    fn get_something() -> u64;

> }

Reviewer: New code snippets should really be in `examples/` moving forward. Otherwise that'll be even _more_ work to move over.

Author: Yes, that makes sense. Will clean this up.

const STORAGE_KEY: b256 = 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000;

impl StorageExample for Contract {
    fn store_something(amount: u64) {
        store(STORAGE_KEY, amount);
    }

    fn get_something() -> u64 {
        let value = get::<u64>(STORAGE_KEY);
        value
    }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Add disclaimer that this only works for primitive types up to a word, and add a link to #1229 which will be able to handle storage of any arbitrary stack type.

Author: @adlerjohn right, but currently that is not the case? I'm just trying to offer a developer something for now until we truly resolve this with whatever is the appropriate way to do it all in `store` and `get`.

Happy to link to an issue though, as that is more maintainable.

Reviewer: Honestly I would simply finish #1229 first, then finish this PR without needing a disclaimer.

Author: @adlerjohn yeah, I mean I literally wrote that code in 3 minutes. Just add some tests and have it reviewed lol.

Reviewer: Looks like #1229 will take some more time to be finished due to some compiler issues, so just add the disclaimer.

Author: Okay, I'll reference the error so people can find the code they need to unblock for now.

I agree, no STD for that stuff (it will be removed eventually), but I just want a quick thing I can point to for a work around.

> If your looking to store b256 values by-hand, you will likely need the methods below as a temporary work around. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're looking to store b256 values by-hand, you will likely need the methods below as a temporary work around. 
```

Author: Good catch.

> If your looking to store b256 values by-hand, you will likely need the methods below as a temporary work around. 
> 
> As the new `storage` syntax is stabalized, these can be replace by a more standardized approach.
> 
> ```sway
> fn store_b256(key: b256, value: b256) {
>     asm(r1: key, r2: value) {
>         swwq r1 r2;
>     };
> }
> 
> fn get_b256(key: b256) -> b256 {
>     asm(r1: key, r2) {
>         srwq r2 r1;
>         r2: T
>     }
> }
> ```

Reviewer: https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway/issues/1229 would take like an hour to implement (shorter than the time to review this PR). Not much point in adding this to the book only to remove it tomorrow.
```suggestion
```

Author: Okay, I just wanted to suggest something. Right now there is nothing, that is all.

Author: cc @nfurfaro

> 

Reviewer: Install and use markdownlint in vscode.

Author: Good catch, and yeah good idea.
